MAGRO, an app 
------------
Responsiblities:
-Provide a central app to keep track of all major tasks or "macros"
-Keep track of tasks completed for the day and total tasks performed to meet an objective
-Establish a priority "tree" every day of macros to progress in
------------
Features:
	The Macro
		The macro is a representation of a major task that needs to be
		completed/has a deadline.  This could be writing a research 
		paper, or finishing a problem set, or repairing the gutter,
		or taking the GRE, or filing taxes for the year.
			
		The main characteristic that defines a macro is that it may
		take more than one sitting to complete.  We could make a
		homework assignment a macro too, but in this case it would be a
		trivial form of a macro - you could finish it in 30 minutes.

		Macros may have deadlines, and ideally you do a little bit to 
		complete a macro each day.  The idea behind the app stems from
		the commit message in git pushes.  Each time you push, you 
		detail what was changed and what was added - contributing to a 
		log that details the lifetime of the project.  However, there's
		no need to limit this mechanism to coding projects or projects
		that need digital files.
  	
	The Priority Tree
		The priority tree is a tree of macros that wish to be completed.
		We wish to establish a hierarchy of these macros to show what 
		takes precedence.  For example, Oswald wants to publish a 
		personal webpage eventually, but his lab report in Chemistry
		needs to be completed in a week.  Obviously, Oswald's lab report		
		should take priority, and should be completed first.  Thus, we 
		need to implement a Priority Ranking System.
		
		In addition, some tasks have equal priority. Let's say Sanjita 
		has to prepare a presentation for Business Class in three days
		and also has an Accounting assignment due on the same date.
		In this case, both macros would have equal priority.
		Thus, if Sanjita doesn't want to work on the Accounting 
		assignment, the app should allow her to switch it instead with 
		the Business presentation.

		Reordering the priority tree should be made difficult, but not 
		impossible.  In this sense, we should implement some sort of 
		behavior analysis.  More on this later. 

	Day Cycle
		People who could benefit from this app most likely are motivated
		to get something accomplished every day.  Every 24 hours, the 	
		app should provide a visual representation of the priority tree.
		(Or at least the first 3 tiers) "This is your to-do list."
		"Get something done in this and that project before going to
		bed."  

	Hour/Minute Cycle
		People who run on scheudles often set time limits on the tasks 
		they do.  "I'll set aside an hour to study Signal Processing."
		"I'll take 45 minutes to write a page of this essay."
		Simply put, the app should have a way to make this possible.
		"Okay, I'll check back at around 2 pm"

	Recording Progress
		Harkening back to the commit message from git, at the end of the
 		day cycle or hour cycle or half-hour cycle, the app should ask
		"Okay, so what did you get done in this macro?"
		And the user can type a short message that will be displayed on
 		the next cycle in some sort of "Here's where you left off"
		fashion.  A short message will do, like "Finished the Methods
		section in the lab report."
		
		Each record instance should be counted as "progress", or a 
		finished task.  
		
		There also should be a recording option to say "I feel finished
		with this macro."  At such a point, the macro would be taken off
		the priority tree and marked as completed.  

		If a deadline was specified and the date is nigh, the macro 	
                should also be taken off the priority tree, but there should be
 		a  prompt that asks "On a scale of 0% to 100%, how complete does
		the macro seem to you?" Which will determine if the macro is filed
		as completed or not, or maybe even semi-completed.		

	Feel Good 
		This feature should display the acheivements of the week.
		"Here's what you got done.  Feel good about yourself."
		It should display the number of macros completed and the names
		of the macros themselves.
		It should also be able to display a summary of the individual tasks
		completed in the same timespan.
		We should be able to organize these by time completed or by macro or 
		by time it took to complete task, etc., etc.

		Perhaps it would also be good to be able to have a record summary at
		the end of the day.
	
	Behavior Analysis
		The app should be able to help and adjust the user's habits.
		Let's say it detects a lot of unfinished tasks/empty records.
		It should remind the user of upcoming deadlines and make it harder
		to ignore and impossible to reproritize the designated macros.

		Or, let's say it detects a lot of records in a span of time.
		A lot of recorded tasks or completed macros could indicate 
		"crunch mode" or plain "workaholic" behavior.  The app should 
		encourage a break, by suggesting making fun plans for the weekend
		or taking a nap.		

		It could also impose a stricter regime and immovable priority
		if it notices a lot of recorded tasks in a low-priority macro,
		e.g. working on a side project instead of focusing on a fast 
		approaching deadline. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Visuals
	Colored bubbles of text to display the macros and the latest record message
	seem appropriate.  The color could denote priority/completedness, and could
	be made as nodes on a visual priority tree.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Platform
	It would be really convenient if this could be a Google App that could be 
	run on Android and iOS as well as in Chrome.
